# Summit
At the summit, the party will find the three temples functioning as bastions against the spirits, but an impassible crowd of spirits gathering around them. The spirits are focused on the temples to Pelor and Bahamut, but are largely ignoring the temple to Torm. The sheer number of divinely powered individuals is attracting them, and the only people at the Torm temple are Liara, Valmar... and Hairam, the Deva that crash-landed next to the party on their way to Southspark and who took the black dragon egg from them.

## What Valmar Has Been Up To
Valmar left the party to pursue the ghost of Anguisa, or at least information about her. He was ambushed while alone on the road by the Revenant of Garlan, the former Red Drake who Valmar killed while possessed by the spirit of Anguisa. Valmar's spirit wandered the material plane, unable to move on. He had visions of a giant rising out of the ground and has a vague memory of handing a letter to a traveler. His next clear memory is of a familiar, yet much larger, divine power coming from the peak of Mount Stratha. He, and many other spirits, were drawn to the temples at the peak. Nearly all of the other spirits were drawn towards the temples to Bahamut and Pelor, as moths are drawn to the MUCH bigger flames. Valmar was drawn to the much dimmer Temple of Torm, due to the familiar energy coming from there. Valmar's spirit made contact with Liara, who was frantically trying to find some way to quell the spirits. Upon making contact, Liara abandoned her research and devoted a great deal of her energy to casting True Resurrection. This restored Valmar to life, but left Liara greatly weakened. The other temples were completely covered with spirits, to the point that they form a shell around the other two temples. Only a scarce few wander the halls of the Temple of Torm. The previous night, Valmar and Liara witnessed the masses of spirits go critical, and a massive wave of ghostly energy flooded out of the temple grounds and down the mountain. It was near this point, that Hairam showed up, saying that he was also drawn by the divine energy and decided to investigate.

## What Hairam is Doing Here
Hairam's commander received a signal that a terrible imbalance of divine energy had occurred on Draffnir. There are minor imbalances everywhere, but such a surplus might signal many things: the birth of a celestial, the ascension of a god, a gateway to the celestial plane being created, or the creating of a new divine weapon. Hairam found signs of none of these things, but senses an outpouring of divine energy from deep within the mountain. The energy is following what conduits it can to the temples on the peak, and the presence of the many clerics and paladins is drawing the energy to the temples of Bahamut and Pelor. The outpouring is calling the spirit of every recently deceased person on the plane to these locations, rather than allowing them to pass on. As more and more converge here, they eventually reach some sort of critical mass, and a wave of ghostly energy explodes from them and travels down the mountain. The last few didn't even reach the foot of the mountain, but the most recent looked big enough to reach the forest (this is what the party encountered in Hazelton). Hairam may offer to accompany the party as they figure out how to descend into the mountain, or he may offer to stay behind and look after Liara.

## Finding the Spine
As with the Skull, the Spine is buried underground. Liara knows of a cave a short journey from the temples. It is a rule among the clerics to only go as far as the alters in the cave. Any further, and a mysterious necrotic energy will sap your life.

Due to the True Resurrection spell, Liara is too weak to be of any use on the journey. She will stay with Hairam on the surface and try to find a way to contain or disperse the ghosts that have gathered here.
