# King Werewolf
Through the adventure, King Samuel of Loftran contracted Lycanthropy. The royal line of Loftran claims to have the Blood of Draffnir or Giants' Blood running through it. That turns out to be true, as evidenced by Samuel's daughter, Princess Selise, who is only 5 or 6, but looks ten years older. Between the giants blood and the werewolf curse, Samuel transformed into a 4-story-tall werewolf in the middle of the night. He wrecked the palace and a good portion of the Heartswall district before disappearing.

It's up to the party to find the King (again) and find a way to remove or control his werewolf curse.

## The Mystery
After ruling the kingdom for several months, then having to put up with over a year of her husband's rule, Queen Amafrey of Loftran is convinced that she'd make a better ruler than her husband. She'd never do anything overt to depose her husband, of course. But when this werewolf curse reared up, she suddenly had due cause to remove her husband from the throne. She hadn't the heart to out him as cursed and completely unfit for rule, so she declared that he had been injured in the giant wolf attack and had become bedridden. No one was allowed to see him. In reality, she had him imprisoned in the castle dungeon, not fully understanding what she had. The next night, he transformed again, destroyed the back wall of the castle, and fled north into the night.

## Kidnapping
The king reverted the next morning, naked and alone and lost in the middle of nowhere. He wandered for most of the day before encountering some travelers that included a wizard. The group didn't recognize the disheveled and dirty King Samuel and took him for crazy when he rambled about who he was. The group was still friendly though, and they fed and clothed the king and allowed him to travel with them. They were heading back into Loftran from the Seacracker Isles anyway. That night, he transformed again, ate all but two of the group, and was subdued by the wizard. The wizard polymorphed the king into a rat (because of course he did) and turned around to make for his laboratory on one of the Seacracker Isles to examine this new beastie. The other survivor fled for Loftran as fast as he could.
