# King Werewolf
Through the adventure, King Samuel of Loftran contracted Lycanthropy. The royal line of Loftran claims to have the Blood of Draffnir or Giants' Blood running through it. That turns out to be true, as evidenced by Samuel's daughter, Princess Selise, who is only 5 or 6, but looks ten years older. Between the giants blood and the werewolf curse, Samuel transformed into a 4-story-tall werewolf in the middle of the night. He wrecked the palace and a good portion of the Heartswall district before disappearing.

It's up to the party to find the King (again) and find a way to remove or control his werewolf curse.

If the party goes to Loftran next, the first transformation will happen while they are camping within sight of the city. They'll hear booms and bangs and screams, but by the time they get to the city, it'll be morning.

If the party goes to Mount Stratha next, the transformations will already have run their course, the city will be wrecked, and King Samuel will already be in Vartar's laboratory.

## The Mystery
After ruling the kingdom for several months, then having to put up with over a year of her husband's rule, plus hearing a few well-placed whispers from Anguisa's ghost, Queen Amafrey of Loftran is convinced that she'd make a better ruler than her husband. She'd never do anything overt to depose her husband, of course. But when this werewolf curse reared up, she suddenly had due cause to remove her husband from the throne. She hadn't the heart to out him as cursed and completely unfit for rule, so she declared that he had been injured in the giant wolf attack and had become bedridden. No one was allowed to see him. In reality, she had him imprisoned in the castle dungeon, not fully understanding what she had. The next night, he transformed again, destroyed the back wall of the castle, and fled north into the night.

## Kidnapping
The king reverted the next morning, naked and alone and lost in the middle of nowhere. He wandered for most of the day before encountering some travelers that included a wizard. The group didn't recognize the disheveled and dirty King Samuel and took him for crazy when he rambled about who he was. The group was still friendly though, and they fed and clothed the king and allowed him to travel with them. They were heading back into Loftran from the Seacracker Isles anyway. That night, he transformed again, ate all but two of the group, and was subdued by the wizard. The wizard polymorphed the king into a rat (because of course he did) and turned around to make for his laboratory on one of the Seacracker Isles to examine this new beastie. The other survivor fled for Loftran as fast as he could. He'll serve as a thread the party can follow.

## Laboratory
The wizard, Vartar, was actually conscripted by the Ghost of Anguisa, to seek out a means to travel to the Abyss or find another source of Giant's Blood. He recognized King Samuel almost at once and waited for an opportunity to kidnap him without arousing suspicion. When the king transformed during the second night of the full moon, his opportunity came. He seized the king and brought him back to his lab in a cave in the Seacracker Isles to attempt to extract the Giant's Blood from him using a rather sorry substitute for the Essence Extraction process that Professor Galonodel used to remove Anguisa from Valmar/Liara. The process is long and difficult and might result in the death of King Samuel. The party doesn't have much time to save him.
