# Previously

## 2021-02-14
Previously, on The World of Goo:

The party had followed the trail of clues from Ibal's murder case back to Elmwall Mansion, where they believed the real culprit to be a member of the Elmwall estate. They found the staff of the estate had all been poisoned and were mentally checked-out. The party found the hanged body of Isaac Elmwall, and encountered the insane and rambling Bartel Elmwall in the study. Bartel repeated the phrase "she made me do it" a few times, before vomiting up some black goo and transforming into a grotesque beast. After a battle, the party searched the study, discovering a handful of magical items, a love letter from Archebald to a green-eyed elven woman named Visera, and blueprints for a secret room to be built off of the wine cellar.

The party ventured down into the wine cellar (familiar territory, given all the sewers and basements the party has gone through so far), learned that the black goo used to be wine, and eventually found a horribly mutilated Isabella Elmwall, chained to a wall in the cellar. Her only memories of the past few weeks are of darkness and pain, and of anger at the woman Visera for invading her home and stealing her family away from her. The party did what they could for Isabella before curing the rest of the staff, three maids and a butler, and agreeing to escort the Lady Isabella across town to the House of Sunlight for better treatment.

Before they left, Fran, Ardin, and Ibal discovered the secret room. Within, they found a plethora of alchemical supplies and a garden with mysterious color-changing flowers. The garden was humming with magical energy. The dirt had been dug out in the middle, as if several plants (or one really big one) had been harvested. Finally, the trio found a list of items (mostly body parts) and locations, some of which were crossed out. A name was also present on the list, Anguisa.

## 2021-02-28
Previously, on Women in Wine Cellars:

The party successfully rescued Isabella Elmwall from the basement and escorted her to the House of Sunlight for treatment. While there, she gave an account of what happened to her. Archebald made a "new friend" in Visera, an elven woman with piercing green eyes. Visera quickly wormed her way into the heart of Archebald and their sons. She was very interested in purchasing land, but seemed dissatisfied with all the prospects around Loftran. She convinced Archebald to build her an alchemical garden under his own mansion, where he grew powerful magical flowers. Visera eventually bewitched the family, imprisoned Isabella, and took her place. She eventually poisoned the staff, drove the sons to insanity, and had Archebald killed. The party left Isabella and her staff at the House of Sunlight for treatment.

The party turned in for rest at their Eloreth Mansion. Ardin identified the deck of cards as a Deck of Illusions. Valmar had a horrible nightmare involved with fighting a shadow dragon and being saved by a mysterious girl holding a divine light. The party woke up and discussed options. Ardin revealed some parts of his tragic backstory and relation to Anguisa's Skull from the list in the garden. The party discovered the second of the three passwords to open the mysterious door in the mansion (Pepper Orange). They spent the day running errands: Theryn and Ardin put up an ad for a butler/housekeeper, Liara bought "sharp" leather armor for Valmar, Fran and Ibal bought food for the house and treats for the Brownie, and Fran bought a new set of plate mail. The group met up at Tabitha's shop after Ibal received a note requesting the party's adventuring services and Theryn and Ardin wanted to see if she knew anything about the list.

After buying some healing potions and a Potion of Watchful Rest, Tabitha described the job. She had ordered something from Durrstaft, high in the mountains, and hired the mercenary group known as the Red Drakes to deliver it to her across the treacherous-but-speedy Frostfall Pass. The delivery was due three days ago, and Tabitha is worried about the possibility of her special "something" going missing. She said it could be used for dangerous things if it falls into the wrong hands. She offered 300gp per party member for successfully retrieving the item, or 500gp per party member if they manage to bring back any of the Red Drakes. She also threw in the offer of enrolling the party in her "continuous discount" program. Once a week, they can purchase a single item from her shop at a heavy discount.

The party agreed, but they still have quite a few things left to do before they set out of the city: Ibal has to present his case to the queen (and possibly cash in their favor), the party wants to take the mysterious list to the Wizard's College to see what they can learn about it, they have to hire some help to keep the mansion stocked and in good condition while they're gone.

## 2021-03-14
