# Aftermath
Once Vezdrikex is defeated, his temple will effectively "power down". All of the undead servants will be rendered inert, leaving only the spiders still munching on the froghemoth. The party can sneak out with relative ease provided they move quickly. The Ghost of Anguisa is bound for a meeting with Vezdrikex, checking up on his progress in building his undead army and how close she is to the end of their deal so she can get the necrotic crystal for her own ritual. If the party leaves immediately, Anguisa will explore the depths of Vezdrikex's lair in an attempt to find him and will not be able to catch up with the party.

Once out in the open, the party only has to deal with environmental hazards through the swamp. Vezdrikex had turned nearly every creature in the swamp into an undead minion, and all of them are inert now that he's dead.

If the party leaves slowly, Anguisa may discover them and give chase after the crystal. Hopefully, the players realize their best chance for an escape is to stick the necrotic crystal into the Portable Hole to lighten their load.

However, there is hope. If the party can manage to make it outside, Alistor and Sophil, the two Adult Silver Dragons (https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/16772-adult-silver-dragon) that the party helped out in Durrstaft, will arrive and keep Anguisa busy. If the party is foolhardy enough to turn and fight, Anguisa will retreat into the cave and fly into the experimental tunnel at the end of Vezdrikex's lair to escape. Alistor and Sophil will likely regroup with the party at the top of Mount Stratha to catch up a little. Or, the party may ask the two dragons for a lift up the mountain.

In the Grippli village, the effects of Vezdrikex's demise won't be realized for at least a couple of days. However, the plague of undeath will no longer progress or infect any new living creatures. Those grippli that managed to hold on will be hale and hearty again in a few weeks. They should avoid getting anywhere near the necrotic crystal though. The Marsh Father won't be able to offer the party much in the way of reward, but he will offer to magically make the party "friends of the Grippli". It'll be the same ritual that the Pond Mother performed, and will grant the ability to speak Grippli to anyone who doesn't already know it: Jasper, Darquin, and Valmar. The Marsh Father might also offer funeral rites to Mori, which essentially involves giving his body to the swamp and letting scavengers have it. The party is VERY likely to refuse this (hopefully).

## Mount Stratha
The climb up the mountain from this side is near impossible, but the party has done it before with the help of some beasts summoned by Jasper. At the top, the party will see no ghosts at all. They have fully dispersed. Instead, the party will see the two temples in all their glory. One to Bahamut and one to Pelor. Hairam the Solar is no where to be found. Liara is still in her ruined temple, extremely happy that the crisis is over. She'll describe it as a crowd dispersing into nothingness. None of the ghosts were hostile when they started dispersing.

Most of the clerics from the other temples will still be recovering from their ordeal. They were working in shifts to keep the ghosts from crushing them, and were about to lose their last rooms when the pressure suddenly eased and the ghosts started leaving. The party may be approached by a cleric from each order. Sun-Child Michael from the temple of Pelor, and Divine Knight Francis from the temple of Bahamut. If the party arrives at the summit with the necrotic crystal, the clerics will be extremely wary of the party and may attempt to take the crystal for themselves. If the party arrives without the crystal, the clerics will think they are new converts and attempt to coerce them into joining the order of Pelor or Bahamut.

The road to the Chamber of the Spine is still rather well-protected. The divine magic that harassed the party on their way in makes several attempts to harm them again, but the power of the necrotic crystal (if it is out in the open and not in the Portable Hole) protects them. The Spine himself is overjoyed to see his "other half" again. As soon as the necrotic crystal gets in proximity of the Spine and it's mounting place, it'll float up into its slot by itself. Once nestled, the Avatar of the Spine will have his other half filled in with a purple version identical to his existing half. Now appearing as a half-white and half-purple humanoid in a top hat, the Spine will do a little dance and thank the party profusely.

He will bestow the Blessing of the Spine feat on the party (homebrew feat). This feat grants resistance to necrotic or radiant damage. The person can choose which one they want every time they finish a long rest.
