# Ibal's Case Wrap-Up
Ibal has meticulously compiled a list of evidence and recorded his story. He needs to present it to the royal court so they can take his name off the criminals listing. Currently, the record says that he was arrested and the system is still trying to catch up with everything that happened during the Snake Ritual. Between that, and him being known as a member of the group that saved the city to the Queen, it is likely that no one will ever pursue him again. However, his name is still on the guards' wanted list, so it's possible that someone might find it and go looking for him again.

Given all of that, the "normal" proceedings for criminal charges won't really apply. Normally, he'd have a trial where he'd be able to present evidence defending himself, and the guards and prosecutors would be prosecuting him. The guard who arrested him is one of those permanently turned into a Yuan-Ti and has fled the city. The prosecutor would be someone hired by Isabella Elmwall, and the Isabella who was acting in public at the time (Viserion) has also fled the city with King Samuel in tow, so that's not happening. The real Isabella is being cared for at the House of Sunlight, and would probably be more than happy to drop the charges (and probably put out a new bounty for an elven woman named Visera).

Ibal can wait until someone comes to arrest him, and he can go through the (lengthy) court proceedings the normal way, or he can get a head-start and present his evidence himself. All he really has to do is make a statement to the clerks at the court's office, then wait for enough time for a guard to locate Isabella, collect her statement, and verify that it lines up with Ibal's claims. That shouldn't take more than an hour or two.

The clerk will be Kathra Dankil. Dwarven woman. Very dismissive and sticks to her routine, not unlike the bank clerks from the Witcher. She'll be cold to Ibal unless he either brings up taking one of the cases off of her massive TODO list, or flirts with her.
