# Guild Wars
Players are newbie adventurers in the city of Loftran, a melting pot of a coastal city that was formed when piracy was outlawed at the same time as the Grand Magus died without a successor. The outpouring of rough-and-tumble lawless pirates and studious and powerful mages caused the land to erupt in chaos for a time, until groups started banding together for their own protection. That was a hundred years ago. Now, Loftran is the "city of adventuring guilds" and attracts all manner of people looking to join one of the many guilds in the hopes of rising through the ranks and earning their fame and fortune.

There are many adventuring guilds in Loftran, with all kinds of people joining them every day. They take dangerous jobs from other cities, such as military work, hunting, pest control, heavy labor, bounty hunting, policing, etc. If the coin is good, the job is good. If the work is dangerous, then the job is better. Things are "mostly" peaceful. The various guilds have no shortage of rivalries or outright enemies, and skirmishes break out almost constantly. Guild leadership is left up to the guild itself, so long as the guild is able to send one representative who is empowered to make decisions on behalf of the guild to the monthly city council meetings.

The players have all decided to join the guild White Blade, a renowned guild that was part of the second wave of forming. The guild mostly follows hereditary leadership, with the position of representative falling from parent to child through the years. The guild *was* well-liked and well-respected, until the leadership position was passed from Gol-Havel, an elderly human who was a powerful barbarian in his days, to his son, Gol-Orkin. Gol-Orkin was a hot-headed youth with dreams of remaking the city under his leadership. He sought too much power from the other guild representatives. When he was refused, he made a pact with a mysterious being, becoming a warlock. Gol-Havel disowned and banished his son from the guild, and he left in disgrace, vowing vengeance. Without an heir, the elderly Gol-Havel resumed leadership of the guild, but everyone is wondering what will happen after Gol-Havel passes on.

The players join the guild and must undergo try-outs in the form of a basic dungeon crawl. They are sent to retrieve the pomorossa, a cave-blooming flower whose seeds are used as the "secret" ingredient in the ale that White Blade is famous for. Pomorossa grows deep in a cave in the forest north-west of Loftran, and is home to a dangerous Fire Snake (MM 265), or maybe a pair?

# Stealing from the Rich
Each of the players received a note under mysterious or impossible circumstances. The details will vary from player to player. Some will receive them with their morning breakfast, some might receive them in prison, some might find them attached to an arrow aimed near their head. The letters are from a person called Mistein, who wants to meet each of them at midnight at the Golden Goat tavern. The letter contains a password to be given to the barkeep or a tavern wench. Upon saying the password, the players will be lead into the back and through a secret door in the pantry, down a flight of stairs, to a secret underground bunker. There, they will meet Mistein and he will outline his plan for them.

Mistein was part of a caravan full of food, medicine, and shelter supplies (blankets, tents, etc). The caravan had been sent by King Radomir to the town of Loftran. Loftran village had recently experienced a huge fire that decimated most of the township. The caravan was supposed to deliver much-needed survival supplies to the refugees. However, at a checkpoint along the way, a mysterious group of armed guards wearing an unfamiliar insignia stopped the caravan. Under the pretense of an inspection, all the supplies in the caravan were seized and the riders were ordered to get on their horses and turn their wagons around. Some refused, and they were beaten without hesitation. The guards took the supplies and disappeared.

After he had recovered from a broken nose and leg, Mistein attempted to investigate who the guards were. Knowing the insignia, his investigation eventually led him to Durothil Sartris, an elven lord. Durothil was known as a benevolent lord who contributed well to the citizens and economy of Tramtera, the city he resides in. He was the last sort of person you'd expect to seize supplies for a town full of refugees, but Mistein is convinced that Durothil has the supplies, and he wants the player's help getting them back.

Mistein believes that the supplies are being held in one of the warehouses for rent in downtown Tramtera. He doesn't know which one, but he does know that the warehouses are dilapidated and in desperate need of repair. The city has built temporary holding facilities to house the supplies in the warehouses so they can be emptied, demolished, and rebuilt. There are ample opportunities during this process to steal back the supplies, if the players can find them.

# Natural Disaster?
You'll be going about their day in the peaceful city of Hazelton, when ominous warning signs start appearing. Birds stop singing, the wind dies, and a low rumble starts to shake the ground. Within minutes, a great creature from beneath the earth erupts from the ground and proceeds to lay waste to the city. You might be the town's only hope of stopping it, but only if you can figure out what summoned it.

# Royal Mission
You all respond to a bounty put out by King Radomir, offering a reward for anyone who can bring back the captured Princess Catherine. She's been taken north, to places unknown by a man in a black cloak accompanied by a mysterious cat-like creature wreathed in flame.

# Prison Escape
All of you have been arrested for one crime or another. Some of you have probably been framed. You're minding your own business, waiting for your trials, when you notice that you haven't seen the guards all day. Come to think of it, you haven't heard any human activity from your windows since the day before yesterday. Something is amiss outside. It is way too quiet.
