# Investigating the Weapons

## Objective
The players need to find information about these weapons: the weapon of great restoration and the weapon of great light. Kellen and Thia at the House of Sunlight can provide information about both. Theresa at the Wizard's College can also help find information about the weapon of restoration.

## Weapon of Restoration
Actually a mystical potion.

### Getting the Recipe
The players can find the recipe at a prominent alchemist and potion merchant named Tabitha. She's a wirey human with thick glasses who takes great pride in her work. She'll offer to sell the players the recipe for a Panacea potion for 10,000gp. Since they don't have that much, she'll give it to them in exchange for being part of her "living trials" program. She'll give them a magical bag and say that every so often, she sends potions to her "subjects" along with a sheet of parchment. The parchment has instructions on it, whether to drink or pour the liquid on something. The person at the other end of the bag must follow the instructions, write the result on the parchment, and send it back through the bag. She expects this to be done within a day.

### Gathering Ingredients
Most of the ingredients are easy to come by. Theresa or Sister Thia can get their hands on the things not already in their respective pantries pretty easily. The one thing that's harder to find is Mimic Ivy. No one the players have gotten familiar with knows where it grows. Turns out that Mimic Ivy survives by growing near other brightly colored plants, and changing its form to look like not-quite-ripe versions of them, so that it never gets harvested and can continue growing without worry. Isabella, being the new owner of a certain prominent vineyard, might be on the verge of experiencing an outbreak of Mimic Ivy, but it's probably too early for the players to encounter her again. Instead, the second-biggest vineyard, owned by Makaria, or the farmlands to the south are viable options.

Maybe they'll overhear soldiers inside the Seat of War while they're there, complaining about less food coming in from the farms or wine coming from the vineyards, and there's a rumor that plants are not ripening as fast as they usually do. The players discover that this is a feature of Mimic Ivy when Theresa or Thia explain how Mimic Ivy works. Then give them the choice of going to the vineyards or to the farmlands. If they go to the vineyards, they can get some more information out of Makaria about Archebald's murder. If they go to the farmlands, then they'll find that the sigil has poisoned the minds of the farmers, making them more ambivalent towards the players. They might even attack them if the party drops that they're trying to stop the ritual to transform the city.

## Weapon of Light
All that is really needed for this is a source of great light. Sister Thia or Brother Kellen will suggest obtaining a Hatching Stone about the size of a basketball. Unfortunately, such stones are heavily sought after and quickly processed for a specific purpose. The party will need to obtain an unprocessed stone so that it will store raw light magical energy. All the processed stones are used for specific purposes, mostly by the Wizard's College for specific spell storage, and since the regular citizens get by just fine using the smaller ones for light, the party isn't going to find an unprocessed stone of the necessary size within the city. They'll have to journey into the mines north of Loftran, descend into its depths, and find one themselves. Strange creatures are said to dwell that deep in the mines. Denizens of the Underdark that have been twisted by the magical energies running beneath the city.
