# Yuan-Ti Stowaways
TODO
At some point during the construction of the ship, one of the party will be approached by a pair of hooded figures. This is Zerdan and Daniel Mitsk, two brothers who are attempting to covertly leave the city. They were transformed into Yuan-Ti Purebloods during the ritual of Zehir, but they are lucid and want nothing to do with the god of poison. They don't feel that they can stay in the city due to the intense and sometimes murderous discrimination they'd face. They'll want to enlist the party's help in leaving the city on their ship and going north. The only problem is that they don't want to leave their elderly mother behind, but she can't really move on her own. Cazra Mitsk is still fully human, but completely senile. She hasn't noticed that her sons are part snake, or anything else that happened in the city recently. They offer 300gp, enough for 10gp per person per day for 3 people for 10 days (a week). Daniel has some skill in sailing, so he'll be able to help out as a member of the crew.

Getting the Mitsk's out will take some stealth, as there are now nightly patrols for shadows and Yuan-Ti (among other threats). The party can try to get them out during the day, but the regular folk are just as perceptive as the night watches. Getting them through the city will be a skill challenge, disguising the Mitsks to hide their faces, sneaking around patrols, creating distractions, and not getting lost in the chaos.

The Mitsk's will stick with the party until they discover the Yuan-Ti living with the Grippli near the Heavenly Cay.
