# The City of Illusions
Draffnir's Skull is buried east of Southspark, in the rolling hills.

A roving heard of monsters has moved into the area and is dangerously close to discovering the Skull's hiding place. The group can be kobolds, goblins, orcs, maybe a hag leading a troupe of corrupted children, whatever. The point is, the pack makes up a small army that can have a variety of different types of fighters and beasts within it.

The Skull, upon sensing the imminent threat, produced illusions of stronger monsters to chase them away. The real monsters wound up pledging loyalty to the illusions, and raided the nearby human settlement with bolstered numbers. The Skull generated illusions of human reinforcements to try and chase the monsters away, but then the monsters retreated *closer* to the Skull and the humans followed. The Skull generated more monster illusions, and so on. The town and the monster settlement are now more illusion than real, and the Skull shows no signs of coming up with another solution. Resources are running low in the town, and no real replies have come from repeated calls for aid (this is due to the Skull conjuring up illusions causing the messengers to get hopelessly lost).

With the threat from the monster pack not leaving, and the threat from the humans growing, the Skull has no choice but to expand it's influence. Random illusions crop up in and around the town. Ghosts, plagued lepers, wolves, and bears. Anything it can do to scare the people away. Some leave, rendering the town a ghost town. Those that remain are either bunkered in their homes with dwindling resources, or driven mad, or both.

With the remaining populace effectively unable to leave, the Skull is left to continuously create illusions of greater and stranger variety. It's keeping up this war with itself with no idea how to stop.

Anguisa has already been through here and harvested a portion of the bone for her Draffnir Ritual. The illusory monsters proved no threat to her. The main thing for the players to gain from this quest is information about the nature of Draffnir's bones and an explanation for what Anguisa is trying to do. If they don't particularly care about the war between the dragons and the celestials, they'll definitely care when the Skull tells them that putting together Draffnir will destroy the continent.

The general goal of the party is to find a way deep into the monster's territory and locate the Skull. There, they will find one lone goblin praying to it. This is Greep, he is Neep's brother. Greep's presence is the primary reason why the Skull continues to feel danger and produce illusions, despite Greep bearing no ill will towards the bone. Between Greep's presence and the damage wrought by Anguisa, the bone can't seem to shut itself down. It will beg the party to remove the perceived threats and to spare some healing magic, if the party possesses it. That includes Greep, Neep, Halden, Dr Ivans, and Fig. Getting all five of them beyond the borders of Southspark will cause the illusion to disappear, leaving a semi-intact town with no inhabitants. The party can also kill one or more of the five real creatures to accomplish this.
