# The City of Illusions
Draffnir's Skull is buried east of Southspark, in the rolling hills.

A roving heard of monsters has moved into the area and is dangerously close to discovering the Skull's hiding place. The group can be kobolds, goblins, orcs, maybe a hag leading a troupe of corrupted children, whatever. The point is, the pack makes up a small army that can have a variety of different types of fighters and beasts within it.

The bone, upon sensing the imminent threat, produced illusions of stronger monsters to chase them away. The real monsters wound up pledging loyalty to the illusions, and raided the nearby human settlement with bolstered numbers. The bone generated illusions of human reinforcements to try and chase the monsters away, but then the monsters retreated *closer* to the bone and the humans followed. The bone generated more monster illusions, and so on. The town and the monster settlement are now more illusion than real, and the bone shows no signs of coming up with another solution. Resources are running low in the town, and no real replies have come from repeated calls for aid (this is due to the bone conjuring up illusions causing the messengers to get hopelessly lost).

With the threat from the monster pack not leaving, and the threat from the humans growing, the bone has no choice but to expand it's influence. Random illusions crop up in and around the town. Ghosts, plagued lepers, wolves, and bears. Anything it can do to scare the people away. Some leave, rendering the town a ghost town. Those that remain are either bunkered in their homes with dwindling resources, or driven mad, or both.
