# Arrival in Southspark
-- BOOKMARK --
The most striking feature of the town is how high it goes. All of the buildings are made of wood and stone, but some of them stretch over 6 stories high. One or two are as many as 10 stories. If a person looks up, they see a crisscrossed network of ropes and pulleys, zip lines and gondolas, and even the one cablecar that goes from the edge of town to the staging area at the closest Finger Peak mountain.

For the past 2 years, the town has been the site of near constant skirmishes with a band of monsters in the rolling hills to the East. They started off as a roaming band of gnolls, but very quickly expanded to include orcs, hags, trolls, and even a dragon or two. The townspeople aren't worried, since they're constantly receiving reinforcements from Loftran. The normal citizens have been able to go about their day's work without too much hassle. They've even received help from a legendary hero or two, but the fighting continues. Of course, no reinforcements have ever actually gone south from Loftran, Ibal would know that at least.

Either way, the citizens would see the party as the latest in those reinforcements to come down, but expect them to fend for themselves as far as equipment and things go. All the previous reinforcements arrived ready for battle.

## Mood of the Populace
The town gives off the general air of not being concerned with the small war being waged just to the east. People go about their lives, mining the Finger Peaks for minerals and metals. They seem unconcerned with the fact that adventurers and soldiers keep arriving, leaving for the war, and never coming back.

That's because the majority of the populace are illusions. Holograms generated by Draffnir's Skull buried in the foothills. The illusions keep the remaining "normal" populace at home or in prison or let them flee town and never come back. These normal people are haunted by the uncanny valley effect that permeates the village, and verge on insanity. The party isn't going to find any of these people for some time.

## Arrival
When the party arrives, the town will be full of activity. Carts and people zip lining this way and that, an exhibition leaving for the Finger Peaks to start the day's mining, the market opening up for the day, etc.

They'll be approached by an overly-happy elf named Wiesgart, who will ask for their names and business. He'll give off a way-too-happy vibe, but nothing too suspicious. He might even offer to give the party a tour of the city. He'll mention the war with just as much enthusiasm as the tavern's meal of the day (seasoned pork with carrots and carmelized apples, if the party asks).
