# Previously

## 2021-08-09
Previously, on Are You Sure You Can Sail?

The party meets Brocc at the port in the Heavenly Cay. After some discussion, Brocc lends the party the Folding Boat and expresses his full confidence that the party should be able to handle themselves at sea. Confidence that is very quickly shattered as the party scrapes the boat against the dock, loses the wind, and nearly beaches the boat on shore. After losing nearly an entire day of sailing, the party manages to find their way to the Grippli Trading Post.

Once there, the party is taken to see the Pond Mother, the matriarch of the Grippli people in this area. She tells the party that a nice group of Yuan-Ti arrived at the Grippli Village around a month ago. They believed that something important to their deity, The Scaled Mother, was located beneath an old temple near the village. Seeing no reason to refuse them, the Pond Mother granted them permission to excavate the lower floors of the temple. Over the next two weeks, the benevolent Yuan-Ti were true to their word and became good friends with the Grippli. But then, an evil group of Yuan-Ti warriors arrived. They butchered many of the Grippli, ate their eggs, captured or killed the nicer Yuan-Ti, and drove the Pond Mother and many of the villagers from the village. The Pond Mother and most of the villagers took refuge at the trading post. She begs the party to save her children from the evil Yuan-Ti.

The party took their boat and made their way towards the village, but first, they'd have to navigate the Crab Maze. The Grippli breed and harvest crab for their blood and meat, but it's been two weeks since anyone has fed the crabs. Failing to be sneaky, the party fought their way through the crab maze, showing their prowess enough that the crabs mostly left them alone, despite Carl potentially being the best meal they'd have in days. The party arrives at the breakwater, the lagoon, and finally the Grippli Village itself. There are a few small boats moored here, and the party can see armed Yuan-Ti roaming around the village. No one has raised an alarm.... yet.

## 2021-08-02
Previously, on BACON!!

Fran escorted Rion and the two oxen to the stable to be returned. Rion got lost a couple of times, much to Fran and Verna's fury. Fran noticed something ever so slightly off about Rion's demeanor, but it vanished as quickly as it occurred. Fran decided to purchase one of the oxen from the stablehand, and named the beast Carl.

Back at the Purple Lotus, Professor Galanodel and Valmar were discussing Valmar's "condition," when the rest of the party noticed a blond man eavesdropping. Upon the mention of a "dragon spirit," the man hurriedly left the Purple Lotus and fled across town. The rest of the party chased him (or his scent), and eventually caught up to him outside a mercenary guild hall called The Gilded Shield. The man waited outside for someone. The party was approached by a female tiefling who asked what they were waiting for. It turned out to be Hope, the lead recruiter for the Deathbringers. She invited the party inside where Fran immediately left to fill a plate with meat and make friends with the blond man, whose name was Vesimir.

In a lengthy discussion with Hope, the party learned quite a bit. Previous Deathbringers had taken part in the ritual to defeat and seal Anguisa the Anguisher, for she had discovered a way to preserve her soul on the Material Plane after death. With the help of some metallic dragons, the clerics of the Deathbringers were successful in sealing Anguisa in a vessel that was then left in a cave in the Durstahft mountains. Hope had gotten word several weeks ago that the vessel had been unsealed (thanks, Valmar), so she prepared for the worst..... which never came. The question of where Anguisa's soul was went unanswered, until Valmar stumbled into the Deathbringers Headquarters. Hope also revealed more about the nature of Anguisa's mate, Viserion, who was behind the murder of the Elmwall family and the cultivation of a secret garden underneath their mansion. She looked over the list the party has, and pointed out that half of the list is things that would be needed to resurrect Anguisa. The other half described the locations of the bones of Draffnir, the Giant who created the continent, but Hope couldn't say what for. She also hasn't the faintest idea what the Abyss could be relevant to, but decided to leave that question for another day.

For the moment, the party is on a quest to procure giant crab meat, and find out why the Heavenly Cay hasn't gotten any in the past month. Not only is the meat itself incredibly delicious, but the blood of the giant crab is what Professor Galanodel requires to make his tracking agent, the first step in his extraction process. The party now needs to charter a boat and sail south to the Grippli trading post. They need to find out why the frog-people have stopped communications and trade with the Cay.

## 2021-07-26
Previously, on Really Large Animals

The party acquired a few new magical items while rummaging through the driftwood during their last day in Seacracker Isles. They managed to escape being eaten by a school of killer whales, but just barely. The next morning, the Sea Spear finally arrived at The Heavenly Cay.

It is the middle of Stoneheart, the summer solstice festival, in the Cay. The festival is characterized by lavish parades, food stalls, and the exchange of newly created gifts. The Cay also has a small population of Warforged and Modrons, effectively clockwork people and small creatures. Being a city made up of mostly magicians and artificers, this is pretty natural. Krusk tells the party to enjoy the festivities, since the Sea Spear won't depart for Loftran again for another month.

The party follows the sounds of music and crowds and manages to find a good spot for viewing the parade. After marveling at a few of the floats, Ibal recognizes one float being captained by Professor Adran Galanodel, the man the party is looking for. Unfortunately, almost immediately after seeing him and his skeleton-puppet float, the pyrotechnic float behind it explodes and causes the oxen pulling Adran's float to panic and rampage. After some skillful maneuvering, the party manages to calm the oxen and avoid a great deal of collateral damage, no thanks to Adran's assistant, the halfling Rion Blackspice.

Fran elects to help Rion take the oxen back to the stable they were rented from, while the rest of the party follows Adran to the Purple Lotus restaurant to discuss what to do about Liara/Valmar's condition. Adran muses about how his "blood essence extraction process" could be adapted to extract "soul essence" instead, but laments that he is out of treated giant crab blood, and needs it as a detecting agent. Without it, his instruments are not able to isolate the target essence for extraction. Not only is Adran out of the blood, but none has come into the city in a while. Something must have happened to the supply chain.

## 2021-07-12
Previously, on Battles Aquatic

The party climbed out of the cistern and cult hideout underneath the Black Rose Inn, and had a lovely midnight snack with Cecil and the Brisly's. Everyone eventually retired to their rooms for the remainder of the night, except for Ibal, who finished up his trance and then came dowm to wash the dishes before Cecil woke up. Ibal noticed a small graveyard on the outskirts of town that now has a beautiful bush of black roses, bringing a close to the tale of Eliza Long.

At breakfast the next morning, Victor Brisly gifted the party with 5 flasks of Holy Water, sure that they'll come in handy during future adventures. He also gave them a letter of recommendation for the Deathbringers, a guild of undead-hunters based in The Heavenly Cay. Victor and Naomi are both members. They told the party to seek out a Tiefling named Hope, should they wish the services of the Deathbringers or to inquire about membership. Nell noticed the shade of Anguisa behind Valmar, which prompted Victor to admit that Nell might be able to sense undeath around her. With those thoughts chasing them, the party set off aboard the Sea Spear again.

While traveling down a long and wide strait, the Sea Spear stumbled into a trap. The end of the strait was blocked off with rocks, and two roughly-constructed capstans were turned behind them, raising a giant chain and blocking the way they had come. A berserker raiding party attacked the ship from their rowboats. Through some explosive attacks and deft aim with the siege weapons, the party taught the berserkers that they were a group not to be messed with. The crew of the Sea Spear passed around compliments to the party and thanked them for their help as the Sea Spear sailed down an alternate route.

One day out of port at The Heavenly Cay, Captain Krusk called for the anchor to be dropped. Lily the Lookout had spotted enough debris in the water to constitute a shipwreck. Sailing tradition dictates that they have to investigate. At best, there might be survivors to rescue. At worst, there might be treasure to salvage.

## 2021-07-05
Previously, on Undead Idiots

Due to having the foresight of bringing a cleric into a crypt, the party made relatively short work of the Eternal Scions and successfully laid the soul of Eliza Long to rest. She imparted her blessing on the party before departing for the afterlife.

The party then proceeded to clean up the other loose ends they had found beneath the Black Rose. They destroyed the hanging skeletons without suffering any damage and scored the Bracers of Defense, which were given to Valmar/Liara. They found a set of disappointing treasure chests, containing only a handful of silver and copper. That is, until Fran and Theryn discovered a secret passage that led to the real wealth of the Scions. All told, the party found 2000gp in the chests in that room. The party then decided to make sure everything was set down here and opened the coffins that were in the last room. They found them empty, but Ibal recognized the names inscribed on the coffins: Irvenson, Moldavia, Bartov, Argovian, and Tulisse. They belong to noble families of The Heavenly Cay. He also recalled at least one of them had a member disappear around 50 years ago, around the time Eliza also went missing, according to Cecil.

With the cult destroyed and the crypt cleaned up, the party climbed the stairs to rejoin Naomi, Victor, Cecil, and Nell in the main tavern room of the Black Rose Inn.

## 2021-06-21
Previously, on Why Is It Always Cults?

The party was woken up in the middle of the night at the Black Rose Inn by Nell's voice calling out for help in the hallway. When the party opened their door to investigate, Nell appeared possessed. She hissed at the party and fled down to the tavern's main area. The party followed and found Nell cowering under a table and Cecil robotically cleaning a glass. Attempting to talk to Cecil did no good as he grabbed his weapons from behind the bar and attacked the party. He did significant damage to Ardin before Liara realized he was possessed now instead. Liara forced the apparition out of Cecil's body, after which it attempted to intimidate the party and fled into the basement.

A now lucid Cecil explained that the previous owner of the inn told him of the legend of Eliza Long, a woman who was captured by a cult and sacrificed beneath the inn. Her ghost now roams the halls at night, searching for her daughter and seeking vengeance against her killers. Cecil volunteered to guard Nell while the party investigated the basement.

Beneath the inn, the party discovered several spooky rooms. A previously locked door in the main storage room led to an abandoned cistern, and then to the meeting place of the Secret Order of the Eternal Scions. Liara checked through some of their parchment, and found that everything written about immortality and vampirism was complete hogwash. Nothing here would accomplish anything, save to motivate greedy individuals to make a sacrifice of an innocent girl, and possibly anger the real god of death. The party investigated further and found the unconscious bodies of Victor and Naomi Brisly, Nell's parents. The party quickly gave the Brisly's medical attention. Once conscious, the Brisly's admitted that they are vampire hunters who came downstairs after detecting an undead presence. Eliza caught them by surprise, possessed Victor, and forced the two to fight for their lives. Naomi and Victor believe that Eliza just needs a proper farewell to be put to rest.

Meanwhile, Theryn discovered a chasm with several skeletons suspended over it in cages. One of them was wearing a shiny bracer. After a failed attempt to lasso the bracer, which triggered a spooky wind, Theryn resolved to come back after the more important crisis was dealt with.

The party and the Brisly's entered the last room in the basement, and found the long-dead corpse of Eliza Long, along with 5 expensive-looking coffins and Eliza herself. Eliza was staring mournfully down at her skeleton when 5 zombified corpses crawled out of the ground and attacked the party.

## 2021-06-14
Previously, on Flotsam and Jetsam

The party set off aboard the Sea Spear. They were introduced to the crew, a friendly sort, except for Candice the cook. They set about their tasks for the journey to The Heavenly Cay. The journey would take about 10 days.

After a day or two of easy sailing and fair weather, the party ran into a flock of Harpies, which were easily dispatched or chased off. The next day, the ship encountered a whirlpool, and Captain Krusk decided to make a final test out of it. He had Fran take the wheel as his final exam to becoming a "real" sailor. Fran passed with flying colors, navigating around the whirlpool without damaging the ship. That night, the crew held a party in celebration. A party that was crashed by Frammel, The Stubborn, an adult bronze dragon who lives in the area. Frammel took on a human form, provided some entertainment, and then sat to converse with the party. The party learned that Frammel's father helped create and perform the ritual that sealed Anguisa, The Anguisher, an a mystic urn. Liara confirmed with Valmar that he did indeed find an urn and somehow released the dark thing that lived inside. Frammel stuttered through shocked disbelief, claiming that his father would never make something that could break so easily. Frammel left in a huff, exchanged pleasantries with the captain, and left the next day with a barrel full of shiny trinkets and a new story to tell.

At around sunset on the 5th day of the journey, the ship made port at Bluerim Village, a waystation located on an island almost precisely in the middle of the archipelago. The village has a thriving tourist trade, but it's best feature is the Black Rose Inn, owned by an ex-gladiator half-orc named Cecil. The party purchases food, drink, and rooms for the night. They meet a small religious family, the Brisly's. Naomi, Victor, and their daughter Nell, who are also staying the night.

A storm rolls over the village as the party goes to bed for the night. It promises to be a long one indeed.....

## 2021-06-07
Previously, on It's a SNAAAAAAAAAKE!!

The party had several very fruitful weeks of downtime. Much research was done and a couple new friends were made. Liara receives a vision about frogs and snakes.

On the last week, Theryn and Ibal cornered someone who had been tailing Theryn. It turned out to be Daniel Mitsk, a Yuan-Ti afflicted person who wants nothing to do with Zehir and the ritual. All he and his brother, Zerdan, care about is getting their mentally-afflicted mother, Cazra, out of the city. Ibal and Theryn agreed to help. After visiting the Mitsk's house and talking it over, they settled on attempting to sneak Daniel and Zerdan to the House of Sunlight so they could be cured of their affliction.

After a few mishaps in the sewers, the group encountered a leftover Yuan-Ti Abomination, still loyal to Zehir. The party quickly dispatched it. The rest of the journey went smoothly, and the ritual was a success. Daniel and Zerdan were restored to humans and had a joyful reunion with their mother. Cazra, in a moment of lucidity, asked after their sister, Kristen. She, unfortunately, had completely succumbed to the transformation ritual and had been killed by the guards after the party defeated Sisava.

With another victory under their belts, the party made ready to set sail aboard the Sea Spear. Their destination, The Heavenly Cay, in the hopes of finding someone to help deal with the Anguisa problem.

## 2021-05-24
Previously, on Liara and Ibal go to White Castle

The party had a very fruitful first week of downtime. Ibal bought everyone fancy new clothes for the Makaria Resurgence Party, which was good, considering they were given a heroes welcome as the Ivy Slayers when they arrived at the party. The group met some old friends, including:

Bart, the groundskeeper and his new cat Pine
Baelor, the winemaker, who was very eager to show off his three new vintages, and defended them fiercely against naysayers and critics
Bel'Krell, the head butler of house Makaria
Aiden Collander, a human wine merchant who the party met in the House of Sunlight, and tipped the party off that Makaria needed help with her Mimic Ivy problem
Eldon and Faldren, two halfling brothers that the party met waaaaaaay back in session 1, who now make a living as art dealers
Makaria herself, the lady of the house, who thoroughly enjoyed the evening, and appears to have taken a liking to Theryn

The party performed admirably at the archery contest, with Ibal taking the grand prize of 6 bottles of Baelor's new vintages, 500gp, the Stormbow, and an Astral Shard. Theryn managed to earn the consolation prize of 3 bottles of wine and 300gp, but was gifted the Stormbow by a very humble Ibal. The party danced the night away (most of them anyway). Fran drank Dagnal Fireforge under the table and had to help her to her aids. Theryn honored Makaria with a dance. Finally, Ibal and Liara had a rather special evening and were the highlight of the dance, much to Liara's embarrassment. The party found their way back to Eloreth Manor for a night's rest. Valmar will eventually find that he has a party favor in the form of this new Astral Shard (which I've already added to his inventory on DNDBeyond).

## 2021-05-09
Previously, on White Collar

Baern's experiment failed pretty miserably, but he got enough readings and information to write the beginnings of his paper. He presented Valmar with the Earring of Containment, which should boost the power of the Mind Cage spell that Valmar has been unconsciously casting on himself with Liara's help. The boosted spell should last a few months, given how successful Valmar and Liara have been at containing Anguisa so far. Baern then begrudgingly recommended that the party seek his old academic advisor, one Professor Adran Galanodel, at the Ivory Tower in the Heavenly Cay. Professor Galanodel was one of Ibal's science professors. He specializes in humanoid biology, just like Baern.

The party returned to the mansion for some much-needed rest. Valmar/Liara experienced their first dreamless sleep in weeks. Everyone woke to the smell of a glamourous breakfast prepared by Kara Hansen. There was a lot of discussion about hiring help to look after the house, but after reviewing the existing applicants and turning away one shifty dragonborn, the party made the decision to hire the Hansen family permanently at the rate of 25gp/month (once their week of initial employment runs out). This brings the total cost for maintaining the Eloreth Mansion to 40gp/month. 25 for the Hansens, 10 for food, 5 for misc supplies.

Ibal set out in the morning to open a bank account and have signet rings made to the Hansens would have access to money while the party was out adventuring. After making an initial deposit of 100gp, he discovered that the Eloreth household has 20,000gp in an open bank account. If the party can find an Eloreth signet ring, that money can be theirs. Fran and Ardin found a fantasy GNC called Kelleck's, owned by one Warwick Kelleck. After navigating around the "herbal" remedies and getting to the good stuff, they restocked the party's supply of healing potions. Liara bought 900gp worth of diamonds (actually spending only 850gp), good for 3 castings of Revivify. Finally, Liara and Theryn made their way to the docks to investigate chartering passage to the Heavenly Cay. They found Krusk, the half-orc captain of the Sea Spear, and his first mate Brocc. It took some convincing, especially with Liara being so..... open about her condition, but Theryn managed to secure passage to the Heavenly Cay aboard the Sea Spear for 40gp per person (Pumpkin rides for free as an "Emergency ration". Valmar and Liara count as one person). The bad news is that the Sea Spear doesn't depart for a month.

Since the Earring of Containment will likely last much longer than that, the party has decided to take advantage of what is effectively a "vacation" and have a little fun in the city.

## 2021-04-25
Previously, on How to Train Your Dragon

Garlan of the Red Drakes was determined to take the Black Dragon Egg from Tabitha's "special package" back to his druidic monastery to ask his elders how to destroy it. He firmly believed that dragons are abominations and cannot be allowed to exist in this world, much less as a supply to someone as intelligent as Tabitha. Unfortunately, Garlans' plans were cut extremely short. After a fitful night of rest, Valmar and Theryn were intensely curious to see the egg for themselves. Upon laying eyes on the egg, the mostly dormant soul of Anguisa the Anguisher within Valmar broke free of the mind prison that Valmar and Liara had been keeping her in (unbeknownst to LITERALLY EVERYONE), seized control of Valmar's body, and attacked the party. Garlan, Theryn, and Ardin fell to the creature before Liara managed to wrest control back and force Anguisa back into the mind prison. Anguisa left some cryptic words about the egg being her offspring and about how the party will eventually encounter her mate, who will end them. Liara recalled a quote from some of her own research into their condition; a wizard who attempted to hold a demon in his own mind cage recorded his last thoughts in his journal, "clearly, one mind is not sufficient."

After a great deal of debate over what to do with the egg, the party decided to finish delivering it to Tabitha, as she had given them the impression that she was expecting only an egg shell and was surprised to find that the package contained a viable dragon egg. Tabitha said that she has no intention of hatching the thing, only to continuously harvest shavings of the outer egg shell, which will regenerate so long as the dragon inside is alive. The party said goodbye to Bruga, then accompanied Thalia back to the Wizard's College, hoping to get some more information on Liara's condition.

As chance would have it, the party ran into Professor Baern Frostbeard, one of the heads of Biological Research at the college. Excited by the opportunity to examine such a unique specimen as Liara/Valmar/Anguisa, Baern called on his assistant, Geoffrey, to wake up the rest of his staff, and he led the party to his main examination room. He asked Liara to lie down on the examination table, eyes gleaming as thoughts of his doctorate ran through his mind, and he started fastening the restraints....

## 2021-04-11
Previously, on Game Over, Man!!

After some careful preparation and a few well-rolled stealth checks, the party made mincemeat of the monstrosity that had been stalking them since they arrived in Frostfall Pass. The creature fled, clutching to it's one remaining hit point. The party then discovered the laboratory of the deranged alchemist, Karina, and her imperfect monstrosities. A battle ensued. Valmar and Theryn were slain, with Theryn being sent from the realm of unconsciousness into true death for a brief time. Fortunately, the imperfect monsters that were providing a buffer to Karina couldn't live very long outside of their vats with no nutrient feeding tubes attached. Sensing the tide of battle shifting, Karina attempted to flee her cave, only to be brought down by Ardin's Cone of Cold spell.

The party gathered the remaining Red Drakes and what gear they could find of use in the lab. They found the "special delivery" that Tabitha had sent them for, with Garlan taking a special interest in keeping a hold of it. Thalia, Bruga, and Garlan held a small funeral for Iovus, their remaining member, who had been tied up outside and left to die of exposure after having his teeth and tongue removed. Ardin then impressed them with a warm and dry place to sleep for the night at the foot of the Durrstahft Mountains.

Ardin identified the vials and goggles the group retrieved from the lab. Ibal sent a status update to Tabitha, who replied and asked about the status of her package. Ardin, Ibal, and Garlan opened the box and discovered what appeared to be a fully intact Black Dragon Egg. Questions abound.

## 2021-03-28
Previously, on What's This? What's This? What the Fuck is This?

The party made their trek up the Durrstaft Mountains on their way to Frostfall Pass, taking the reverse route that the Red Drakes would have taken to get to Loftran. The threat of a blizzard loomed in the sky. During the climb, the party encountered a frozen river guarded by "white people." After some shenanigans getting across, the party discovered an owlbear whose eyes had been brutally removed. Theryn successfully calmed the creature and conversed with it via a Speak with Animals spell. The party learned little, other than it was severely traumatized. The party moved on and discovered a body wrapped in a Red Drake cloak hanging from a tree and spinning in the wind. Fran got his leg caught in a bear trap, and the party discovered that the body belongs to a dear. After several more hours of hiking, the party finally made it to Frostfall pass and discovered the Red Drake encampment, along with the body of Iovus, the human rogue member of the mercenary band, and Verna, the extremely rude spirit of a dwarven shield maiden inhabiting a wonderfully crafted warhammer.

After a night's rest in the Tiny Hut, which was disturbed by some creepy noises outside, the party discovered what looked like an owlbear cave, with Thalia, the tiefling mage member of the Red Drakes. She came rigged with an explosive vial, but was promptly Revivified by Liara. She pointed the party at a secret door at the back of the cave, which the party discovered hid all kinds of gruesomness. Among other things, the party discovered Garlan, the dragonborn druid and third member of the Red Drakes. That just leaves Bruga, Verna's owner and a half-orc fighter. Before the party could explore further, the creature that had been stalking them finally showed itself: a four-legged patchwork creature the size of a car.

Roll initiative.

## 2021-03-14
Previously, on I've Got A Hole In My Pocket:

Many things were done! Ibal was acquitted of his crime after presenting all his evidence to a very grateful Kathra Dankil, a clerk in the queen's office who loved getting things off her TODO pile. He took one of his old wanted posters as a souvenir. Theryn enjoyed a nice little walk around the castle and made some new friends. Ardin bought everyone a set of stylish winter clothing from Threads & Thrashings, and some lumber and tools to make a dropbox. Fran and Valmar hired the Hansen family to watch their house for about two weeks while the party is out adventuring and waiting for other applicants to come in. Liara earned her passage into the Forbidden Section of the Wizard's Library and researched her "condition." The party bunked in for the night in a manor that's feeling more and more like a home. Liara had a nightmare about an army of snake people made of darkness threatening her before Valmar stepped in and saved her. He turned to face a growling darkness and told Liara it was "her turn now" before pushing her through a door of light.

The next morning, the party received the final piece to the puzzle of the mysterious room: The name of the Brownie, Pepper Orangepearl. The door opened to reveal a wizard's dream workshop (bigger on the inside), with books and magical equipment scattered everywhere. On the other side was a teleportation circle that could be used to teleport back to the manor from anywhere by a spellcaster powerful enough to know how. Finally, on the far wall was a sinister black scorch mark with remnants of demonic energy still wisping off of it. After some exhaustive research, the party discovered that the scorch mark is most likely the remains of a portal to the Abyss. Maybe the Eloreth family had wizards who opened the portal themselves and vanished through it. Maybe something *pulled* them through. Whatever the case, Liara and Ardin determined that the portal remnants are not dangerous unless someone foolhardy attempts the ritual again.

The party packed up and set out for the mountains around Durrstaft. They were bound for Frostfall Pass, the last known location of the Red Drakes and Tabitha's mysterious "special delivery". Tabitha described the Red Drakes as a four-person mercenary band: A human rogue, a tiefling mage, a half-orc fighter, and a dragonborn druid. After a hard, but manageable, hike up the switchbacks of the mountains, the party encountered a frozen river.

...and heard growling amidst the trees.

## 2021-02-28
Previously, on Women in Wine Cellars:

The party successfully rescued Isabella Elmwall from the wine cellar of her estate and escorted her and her remaining staff to the House of Sunlight for treatment. While there, she gave an account of what happened to her. Archebald made a "new friend" in Visera, an elven woman with piercing green eyes. Visera quickly wormed her way into the heart of Archebald and their sons. She was very interested in purchasing land, but seemed dissatisfied with all the prospects around Loftran that Archebald showed her. She convinced Archebald to build her an alchemical garden under his own mansion, where she grew powerful magical flowers. Visera bewitched the family, imprisoned Isabella, transformed into her, and took her place. She eventually poisoned the staff, drove the sons to insanity, and had Archebald killed by his own children. Ibal meticulously recorded all this in a journal, and the party left Isabella and her staff at the House of Sunlight for treatment.

The party turned in for rest at their Eloreth Manor. Ardin identified the deck of cards as a Deck of Illusions. Valmar had a horrible nightmare involved with fighting a shadow dragon and being saved by a mysterious girl holding a divine light. The party woke up and discussed options. Ardin revealed some parts of his tragic backstory and relation to Anguisa's Skull from the list in the garden. The party discovered the second of the three passwords to open the mysterious door in the mansion ("Pepper Orange"). They then spent the day running errands: Theryn and Ardin put up an ad for a butler/housekeeper for the manor, Liara bought "sharp" leather armor for Valmar, Fran and Ibal bought food for the manor and treats for the Brownie, and Fran bought a new set of plate mail. The group met up at Tabitha's shop after Ibal received a note from Tabitha requesting the party's adventuring services and Theryn and Ardin wanted to see if she knew anything about the list.

After buying some healing potions and a Potion of Watchful Rest, Tabitha described the job. She had ordered something from Durrstaft, high in the mountains, and hired the mercenary group known as the Red Drakes to deliver it to her across the treacherous-but-speedy Frostfall Pass. The delivery was due three days ago, and Tabitha is worried about the possibility of her special "something" going missing. She said it could be used for dangerous things if it falls into the wrong hands. She offered 300gp per party member for successfully retrieving the item, or 500gp per party member if they manage to bring back any of the Red Drakes. She also threw in the offer of enrolling the party in her "continuous discount" program. Once a week, they can purchase a single item from her shop at a heavy discount.

The party agreed, but they still have quite a few things left to do before they set out of the city: Ibal has to present his case to the queen (and possibly cash in their favor), the party wants to learn more about the mysterious list, and they have to decide whether to wait for housekeeper applicants to show up or build a mailbox to receive applications.

And so we begin, inside Tabitha's Alchemy Shop...

## 2021-02-14
Previously, on The World of Goo:

The party had followed the trail of clues from Ibal's murder case back to Elmwall Mansion, where they believed the real culprit to be a member of the Elmwall estate. They found the staff of the estate had all been poisoned and were mentally checked-out. The party found the hanged body of Isaac Elmwall, and encountered the insane and rambling Bartel Elmwall in the study. Bartel repeated the phrase "she made me do it" a few times, before vomiting up some black goo and transforming into a grotesque beast. After a battle, the party searched the study, discovering a handful of magical items, a love letter from Archebald to a green-eyed elven woman named Visera, and blueprints for a secret room to be built off of the wine cellar.

The party ventured down into the wine cellar (familiar territory, given all the sewers and basements the party has gone through so far), learned that the black goo used to be wine, and eventually found a horribly mutilated Isabella Elmwall, chained to a wall in the cellar. Her only memories of the past few weeks are of darkness and pain, and of anger at the woman Visera for invading her home and stealing her family away from her. The party did what they could for Isabella before curing the rest of the staff, three maids and a butler, and agreeing to escort the Lady Isabella across town to the House of Sunlight for better treatment.

Before they left, Fran, Ardin, and Ibal discovered the secret room. Within, they found a plethora of alchemical supplies and a garden with mysterious color-changing flowers. The garden was humming with magical energy. The dirt had been dug out in the middle, as if several plants (or one really big one) had been harvested. Finally, the trio found a list of items (mostly body parts) and locations, some of which were crossed out. A name was also present on the list, Anguisa.
