# The World
The world was formed by the giants. The great giant Nedrag first cultivated his bretheren out of the earth and soil like a gardener. He cultivated five children this way. The three brothers, Draffnir, Retaw, and Thacore. The two sisters, Estoc and Krisbane. Each giant molded and shaped one corner of the earth to their liking, and cultivated the living creatures like a gardener, just like their father Nedrag. The world was born.

Draffnir, Thacore, and Krisbane were experimental and curious. They were interested in seeing how far life could go. They created the Dragons, the Celestials, and the Demons, respectively. These three grew into the three most powerful races in the world. Estoc and Retaw were more interested in the little things, and so created elves, men, dwarves, and the other humanoid races.

Draffnir saw the beauty in what Estoc and Retaw were creating, and strived to mold his creations to be more like theirs. He even went so far as to sabotage Thacore and Krisbane's creations and make them weaker, which they did not take kindly to. Draffnir, with his mischeavous heart, laughed at thier anger, and they killed him. He fell over the open ocean in his corner of the world, and from his bones, the continent of Draffnir arose, where the cities of Loftran and The Heavenly Cay sit now.

The other giants met similar ends, with one being jealous of another's creations and sabotaging or altering them, and the other retaliating and killing each other. Eventually, all that were left were Estoc and Nedrag. Nedrag and Estoc saw the havoc that was being wrought by their creations and decided to try again elsewhere. They both lept with all their might and floated off into space.

The Demons retreated far underground, where they schemed and plotted against each other. The Dragons and the Celestials divided the surface world between them and wage an eternal war at the border between their territories.

Thousands of years pass, and the war between the Dragons and the Celestials rages on, unknown to the majority of humanity which now lives on the large islands on the edges of the world, far from the center of the war, and largely unaware of each other's existance. There are four major humanoid-populated continents in each corner of the world, where the corpses of Draffnir, Thacore, Krisbane, and Retaw fell. The continent where Retaw fell was the site of a massive attack by the Celestials during the war. It tore a massive hole in both the land and in the planes. The continent and Retaw's bones fell all the way to the Abyss, landing in Thanatos and forming the skeletal mountain Skullmount.

## The Black Dragons
Viserion and Anguisa are a pair of Ancient Black Dragons. Anguisa is effectively a war contractor for the dragons, always researching newer and more effective weapons to use in the war. Viserion is her eternal assistant and mate. Anguisa thought up the plan to resurrect Draffnir and use his powerful corpse in the war against the Celestials. Bahamut did not look upon this favorably, and had his metallic dragons, including the father of Frammel, The Stubborn (the bronze dragon the party encountered on their first trip across the Seacracker Islands), and a contigent of humanoid wizards, destroy Anguisa and seal away her soul. Viserion, although not nearly as intelligent as Anguisa, has been working for a hundred years to learn enough to bring Anguisa's soul back so she can continue her research into resurrecting Draffnir. If successful, the continent of Draffnir will be destroyed, but with their newfound weapon, the Dragons can turn the tide of battle against the Celestials.

Anguisa's efforts a hundred years ago "woke up" Draffnir's bones. The bones themselves are determined to remain at rest and undisturbed, and have magical defense systems that attempt to keep them that way. Some have had unintended consequenced on the surface world now that they are awake.
